A.)  major causes of WWII

orld War 2 broke into open conflict due to the military aggression of Germany and Japan, when Germany invaded Poland in 1939 and Japan struck against China in 1937.
The causes of World War 2, and background to these events is considerably complex, and it is important to understand the key facts and situations that lead to global war.
Fundamentally, the war has its roots in the military expression of the political philosophies of two men:
Adolf Hitler, who needs no introduction, and the much less well known Sadao Araki, a top general in Japan’s Imperial Army before the war.
Araki was the premier right-wing theorist in Imperial Japan.

B.)  some key events of WWII

1.)  Appeasement Following World War I
After the devastation and destruction caused by World War I, the world was tired of war and was willing to do almost anything to prevent another from starting.

2.)  The Start of World War II
At 4:45 a.m. on September 1, 1939, Germany attacked Poland. Hitler sent in 1,300 planes of his Luftwaffe
(German air force) as well as more than 2,000 tanks and 1.5 million well-trained, ground troops.

3.)  The Nazis Seem Unstoppable
On April 9, 1940, the quiet interlude of the war ended as Germany invaded Denmark and Norway.
Having met very little resistance, the Germans were soon able to launch Case Yellow (Fall Gelb), an offensive against France and the Low Countries.

C.)  the roles of some world leaders prior and after WWII

Adolf Hitler:
 Hilter served as a battalion runner delivering messages from the front line trenches to rear headquarters.
 He served in the battles of Ypres, the Somme, Arras and Passchendaele. Hitler was wounded in the thigh by an exploding shell and temporarily blinded by mustard gas.

Hermann Göring:
 Göring served in the infantry before transferring to the German air force.
 He was promoted to command a fighter squadron and then command of the prestigious Jagdgeschwader 1, once commanded by Manfred von Richtofen.

Erich von Manstein:
 Manstein served on both the Western and Eastern fronts in World War I.
 Manstein was severely wounded in Poland in 1914 and thereafter served as a staff officer in those theaters.

D.)  the situation and circumstance of maldives in WWII

History of the British Armed Forces at Gan…
With the outbreak of World War II, the Maldives became an essential link in the allied defences against the Japanese in the Indian Ocean.
The British secretly began building their base, known as ‘Port T’, in 1941. Gan Island was completely cleared of vegetation to make way for a runway and
 its villagers were relocated. Operations spread to other parts of Addu, with a base for sea-planes built at Hithadhoo lagoon, where planes
 flew in from as far away as Singapore and Sri Lanka, and underground bunkers for supplies and bombs constructed at Maradhoo. A series of causeways were also 
constructed between the main islands and anti-submarine nets and mines were installed around the atoll.
